<!-- Copyright 2022 Hewlett Packard Enterprise Development LP -->
# mlops-spark-operator

This is a cnab package to install spark-operator 
# Steps to Build
- Install porter
```bash
export VERSION="v1.0.0-alpha.22"
curl -L https://cdn.porter.sh/$VERSION/install-linux.sh | bash
```
- Build bundle
```bash
porter build 
```
- Create credential set.
Edit the ``example-creds.yaml`` file. Update the the kubeconfig path
```yaml
- name: kubeconfig
    source:
      path: /path/to/your/kubeconfig
```
```bash
porter credentials apply -f creds.yaml
```
- Install bundle
```bash
porter install -c spark
```
# Publish bundle to OCI registry
To publish the bundle to any oci registry 
- Edit `registry` field in **porter.yaml** to a registry that you can push to.
   Example:
    ```shell
    registry: "514372563764.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/hpe-hcss"
    ```
- Login to the registry
```shell
docker login REGISTRY
```
- publish bundle
```shell
porter publish
```
# Contents

## porter.yaml

This is the porter manifest. See https://porter.sh/author-bundles/ for 
details on every field and how to configure your bundle. This is a required
file.

## helpers.sh

This is a bash script where you can place helper functions that you can call
from your porter.yaml file.

## template.Dockerfile

This is a template Dockerfile for the bundle's invocation image. You can
customize it to use different base images, install tools and copy configuration
files. Porter will use it as a template and append lines to it for the mixin and to set
the CMD appropriately for the CNAB specification. You can delete this file if you don't
need it.

Add the following line to **porter.yaml** to enable the Dockerfile template:

```yaml
dockerfile: template.Dockerfile
```

By default, the Dockerfile template is disabled and Porter automatically copies
all of the files in the current directory into the bundle's invocation image. When
you use a custom Dockerfile template, you must manually copy files into the bundle
using COPY statements in the Dockerfile template.

## .gitignore

This is a default file that we provide to help remind you which files are
generated by Porter, and shouldn't be committed to source control. You can
delete it if you don't need it.

## .dockerignore

This is a default file that controls which files are copied into the bundle's
invocation image by default. You can delete it if you don't need it.